Suraj Pisal Github: github.com/Suraj1089 
Mobile: +91-9370296739 Portfolio: surajpisal.netlify.com 
Email: surajpisal113@gmail.com LinkedIn: linkedin.com/in/surajpisal 
Education
•D Y Patil College of Engineering Pune. Pune,India
Bachelor of Engineering - Information Technology ;GPA: 8.64 Jan 2021 - July 2024
Courses: Operating Systems, Data Structures, Databases and Computer Networks.
•Enzo chem Junior College Yevla. Nashik,India
HSC - Science ;Percentage: 74.92 July 2018 - May 2020
Courses: Math, Physics, Problem Solving.
Skills
•Programing :Python , Willing to learn(PHP).
•Frameworks :FastAPI ,Django .
•Tools : Version control software such as Git and Github.
•Databases :SQL with proficiency in MySQL .
Experience
•Insponse Remote
Backend Developer Intern (Full-time) Jan 2023 - Apr 2023
◦Technologies :Utilized cutting-edge technologies such as Python, FastAPI to create scalalable
microservices for social media app.
◦Role :Collaborated seamlessly with fellow interns and engineers to formulate streamlined
solutions for intricate projects, leading to the creation of microservices.
◦Impact :Played an integral role in enhancing the company’s application, elevating its
functionality from 20% to 80% by meticulously implementing highly efficient and resilient
microservices.
Projects
•SPPU Result Converter : Github Live Sep 2022 - Apr 2023
(Python, Pandas, Streamlit, Data Preprocessing, Data Visualization, Regex. )
◦The web-based SPPU Result Converter facilitates seamless result conversion, offering a user
friendly solution for efficient data transformation .
◦Thiseliminates the need for manual conversion , which can take up to 3 days.It allows
faculties to complete the task in just 5 minutes . Currently, all faculty members at DYPCOE
use the application to convert student results into Excel files, making their work 10 times
faster . live-link .
•Sharenotes(Microservices) : Github Live Apr 2023 - Aug 2023
(Python, FastAPI, Docker, JavaScript, REST APIS. )
◦Achieved greater flexibility in deploying and scaling individual services. Impact: Enhanced
system resilience, reduced downtime, and ensured efficient resource allocation, contributing to a
more robust and user-friendly application.
•OpenSource Contribution :
(Python, Streamlit. )
◦Contributing to GPTInterviewerˆ . GPTInterviewer is a cutting-edge application powered by
generative AI designed to conduct mock interviews. With the ability to analyze your uploaded
resume and job descriptions, AI Interviewer generates tailored questions to enhance your
interview preparation. You even have the flexibility to customize your own interviewing
experience.
◦Contributing to nicegui which is an easy-to-use, Python-based UI framework, which shows
up in your web browser.
Achievements
•Tally Codebrewers hackthon pre finalist. created typing-practice web app. July, 2023
•Winner of techathon hackathon conducted by D Y Patil Pimpari. Created a write-mate 
application which helps to convert digital document to handwritten. Jan, 2023
•Achieved 5Th rank in a Microsoft Azure organized hackthon held on our college campus. 2022