SURAJ PISAL
+919370296739 surajpisal113@gmail.com surajpisal /gtbSuraj1089 ὑ7Portfolio Pune
SUMMARY
As a backend developer with 2 months of experience, and proficiency in Python, FastAPI, and Docker, I am well-
equipped to create innovative projects and tackle complex problem-solving tasks. I believe my drive, skills, and
enthusiasm make me a valuable asset to any team in need of a dedicated Software developer.
EDUCATION
BE - INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY
•D Y Patil College of Engineering Pune .GPA - 8.6 2020 - 2024
Co-curricular- CS fundamentals,Data structures and algorithms , OS,Computer Networks etc.
HSC
•Enzo-chem Junior College Yevla .PERCENTAGE - 74.92 2018 - 2020
Co-curricular - Math, Statistics, Probability, Science etc.
EXPERIENCE
Insponse (System Engineer Intern ) Jan 2023 - April 2023
•Worked with a range of cutting-edge technologies including Python, FastAPI , Socket Io, Nodejs, MongoDB,
Docker, and AWS.
•Collaborated with interns and engineers to develop efficient solutions for complex projects.
•Contributed to the development of the company’s application, increasing its functionality from 20% to 80%
through the implementation of efficient and robust micro-services.
SKILLS
Programming Python , C/C++, SQL .
Tools and Frameworks FastAPI ,Docker , Django, Git and GitHub, Linux.
Databases MySQL .
Others Pandas, Streamlit.
PROJECTS
SPPU Result Converter Liveˆ
•SPPU Result Converter is a web-based application that allows users to quickly and easily convert result PDF
files into Excel format .
•Thiseliminates the need for manual conversion , which can take up to 3 days. It allows users to complete
the task in just 5 minutes . Currently, all faculty members at DYPCOE use the application to convert student
results into Excel files, making their work 10 times faster . live-link.
share-notes(micro-services using FastAPI and Docker) Liveˆ
•This project consists of three micro-services developed using FastAPI: auth, re-commender, and scrap-
per.
EXTRA-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES
•Participated in hackthon organized by Tally Codebrewers created typing-practice website. July - 2023
•Winner of techathon hackathon conducted by D Y Patil Pimpari. Created a Write-mate web app which
helps to convert digital document to handwritten. January - 2023
•Achieved the 5Th rank in a Microsoft Azure-organized event held on our college campus. August - 2022