SURAJ PISAL
+919370296739 surajpisal113@gmail.com surajpisal /gtbSuraj1089 ὑ7Portfolio Pune
SUMMARY
Experienced backend developer with a focus on Python and Django. Passionate about creative problem-solving
and delivering high-quality solutions. Design, develop, and maintain efficient, reusable, and reliable code for web
applications and software systems. Ready to contribute to innovative projects as part of a dynamic team.
EDUCATION
BE - INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY
•D Y Patil College of Engineering Pune .CGPA - 8.6 2020 - 2024
Co-curricular- CS fundamentals,Data structures and algorithms , OS,Computer Networks etc.
HSC
•Enzo-chem Junior College Yevla .PERCENTAGE - 74.92 2018 - 2020
Co-curricular - Math, Statistics, Probability, Science etc.
EXPERIENCE
Insponse (Backend Engineer Intern ) Jan 2023 - April 2023
•Worked with a range of cutting-edge technologies including Python, FastAPI , Socket Io, Nodejs, MongoDB,
Docker, and AWS.
•Collaborated with interns and engineers to develop efficient solutions for complex projects,to create micro services
for a Social media app.
•Contributed to the development of the company’s application, increasing its functionality from 20% to 80%
through the implementation of efficient and robust microservices.
SKILLS
Programming Python ,SQL .
Tools and Frameworks FastAPI , Django, Docker , Git, GitHub, Linux, Pandas, RESTful APIs.
Databases Hands on experience in MySQL .
PROJECTS
SPPU Result Converter Liveˆ
•The web-based SPPU Result Converter facilitates seamless result conversion, offering a user-friendly solution for
efficient data transformation .
•Thiseliminates the need for manual conversion , which can take up to 3 days.It allows faculties to complete
the task in just 5 minutes . Currently, all faculty members at DYPCOE use the application to convert student
results into Excel files, making their work 10 times faster . live-link.
sharenotes(microservices using FastAPI) Liveˆ
•Versatile microservices (Auth, Chat, Blog, Converter) created and integrated via API gateway, empowering
frontend users to unlock their applications’ full potential without backend worries.
EXTRA-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES
•Participated in hackthon organized by Tally Codebrewers created typing-practice website. July - 2023
•Winner of techathon hackathon conducted by D Y Patil Pimpari. Created a Write-mate web app which
helps to convert digital document to handwritten. January - 2023
•Achieved 5Th rank in a Microsoft Azure-organized hackthon held on our college campus. August - 2022